add github action to be published on GitHub Marketplace (#1)
dwp/resource-tag-check-github-action: README.md

> # dwpdigital/aws_terraform_tag_check

Reviewer: can probably remove this line

> ## Git Hub action to comment to PR on missing Terraform AWS resource tags

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## GitHub action to add comment to PR on missing Terraform AWS resource tags
```

> # dwpdigital/aws-terraform-tag-check

Reviewer: can probably just remove this line

## Git Hub action to comment to PR on missing Terraform AWS resource tags

After cloning this repo, please run:  
`make bootstrap`

This action runs [tflint](https://github.com/wata727/tflint) against terraform and looks to identify taggable resources that are missing the specified tags.

## Inputs

### `tags`

> **Required**. A comma and space seperated list within a string e.g. `tags: "this, is, a, list, of, tags"`

Reviewer: typo in `seperated`

### `tag-map`

Optional. The common name of the variable used for a map of tags e.g. `tag-map: "common_tags"`

### `github-token`

**Required**. Must be in form of `github_token: ${{ secrets.github_token }}`.

### `paths-to-terraform-dirs`

> Optional. Comma seperated list of path(s) from root of project to terraform directories e.g. `path-to-terraform: " "terraform/deploy/, terraform/modules/"` 

Reviewer: it's good to add the default value
